Info for the website:
Home page- the logo present, maybe a bit about ourselves as a company and anything else you think needs to be added ? pictures etc. let me know. Here is the bit about my business:

Kane Sports & Physical Therapy offers being mobile but also has premises that clients can come to as well. This business was catered to fit the needs of all our clients. It is affordable, strives to give the best and latest treatments possible and is made as easy as can be for clients as they can receive knowledgeable and efficient treatment in a professional calm environment.
‘While creating Kane Sports & Physical Therapy it was so important for me to create a business that not only was professional and relaxing, but fit the needs of as many people as possible. That’s why I decided to incorporate being both mobile and having my own premises. I understood that some people wanted to get out of the house for a few hours and prefer being in professional surroundings, however for others it would be easier for me to come to them as they may work late or be single parents and not have time to come to me! That’s ultimately what led me to the decision to bring the two together.’

‘Regarding qualifications and past experience, I studied at the University of St Mark & St John where I achieved my degree in Rehabilitation in Sport & Exercise. While studying at University I became a Level 3 qualified personal trainer therefore can also give exercise programs to my clients when and if needed. I have also worked with Plymouth Argyle Football Club for the second half of the season in their 2017/18 campaign. This gave me amazing experience and knowledge which I hope to bring to Kane Sports & Physical Therapy.’  
As a business we can treat anything from general back pain, Sciatica to post-op rehabilitation. At Kane Sports & Physical Therapy it is important that our clients always feel comfortable and confident enough to always approach us and ask questions if unsure about any treatment or what direction to take. After reading this if you have any enquiries feel free to drop us a call, text or contact us on Facebook.
Ruben Kane
Owner of Kane Sports & Physical Therapy

Tabs- Home, services/treatment, contact (can’t think of anything else)
Treatments- possibly a drop down menu, if not include it all on the same page, mess around with it and see what you think:
•	Initial treatment & Diagnosis
•	Massage
•	Rehabilitation programs
•	Electro-therapy
•	Joint Mobilisations.
•	Kinesiology Taping
Initial treatment and diagnosis:
Price - £30.00
This session will have the aim of narrowing down what your injury is and then applying a form of treatment if possible. Half of the session will include a subjective and objective assessment, followed by a diagnosis of the injury. The initial treatment will then begin. This will include any form of treatment that is deemed necessary to decrease the symptoms present.
Picture if needed. – send me a message if you do.
Massage:
Price - £25.00
This treatment will last roughly 30 minutes dependent on the severity of your muscle tightness. We can provide a soft and deep tissue massage, focusing on trigger points in order to diminish your pain as soon as possible. The aim of this treatment is to leave you feeling fresh, supple and ready for action. Massage is one of the most popular forms of treatment and is used to decrease muscle tightness and prevent injuries from taking place.
Benefits:
•	Decreases muscle tightness and gets rid of waste products that are inside your muscles.
•	Prevents injury.
•	Increases Mobility.
•	Improves mood and reduces stress.
Picture if needed. – send me a message if you do.
Rehabilitation Program:
Price - £40.00
When required we can create a 4 week Rehabilitation Program built around your schedule and needs. This will include exercises that you will need to abide by daily and will be laid out by stating what you need to do Monday-Sunday every week for 4 weeks. These programs will increase your strength, flexibility, balance and also prevent injuries from occurring again.
Picture if needed. – send me a message if you do.
Electro-therapy:
Price – Included in treatment.
The form of Electro-therapy that will be used is the TENS machine. This can be used to decrease pain (includes arthitus), relax spasming and much more. It works by delivering small electrical pulses to the affected area. It is thought to work by affecting the way pain signals are sent to the brain. 
Benefits:
•	Pain relief.
•	Nerve Retraining.
•	Reduces Inflammation in deep muscle fibers.
Picture if needed. – send me a message if you do.
Joint Mobilisations:
Price – Included in treatment.
This treatment may be incorporated into a session in order to decrease joint stiffness or pain. A light amount of pressure will be placed upon your joints in order to give it more freedom to move. This will be used for pain that is caused by a stiff joint or to increase joint range of movement.
Benefit:
•	Reduces Pain.
•	Increases joint mobility.
Picture if needed. – send me a message if you do.
Kinesiology Taping:
Price – Included in the treatment.
Kinesiology Tape is an adhesive tape that can be used to help support, strengthen, reduce pain and assist the body with movement. This will be applied when it is deemed necessary or when requested. It can be used for injuries such as strained muscles, tendonitis or support for ligamentous injuries.
Benefits:
•	Reduces inflammation and bruising.
•	Increases confidence in movements.
•	Help improve Posture. 
 Picture if needed. – send me a message if you do.
Contact
Mobile – 07854821559
Email – kanesportsandphysicaltherapy@hotmail.com
Address – Park Lane Clinic, 34 Mutley Plain, PL4 6LD
Facebook – Kane Sports & Physical Therapy.